CMPUT 379 Assignment2： prodcon

Project description:
    main.cpp: main code of the program, which opens files and spawns several programs
    Makefile: compile rules for the program
    src:
        common.cpp: contains all global variables, such as mutexes, conditions, etc. And also the function for calculating time.
        common.h: header file for common.cpp
        consumer.cpp: function for the consumer thread, takes a job from the queue and execute it
        consumer.h: header file for consumer.cpp
        log.cpp: functions related to the log IO, such as creating the log, writing entry to the log and closing the log
        log.h: header file for log.cpp
        producer.cpp: function for the producer, takes input from stdin and add work to the queue
        producer.h: header file for producer.cpp
        tands.c: code provided on e-class, containing Tands and Sleep function
        tands.h: header file for tands.c

Assumptions:
  According to the description, the input will be provided either by keyboard or from a file. I assume that if provided by keyboard,
  a EOF (ctrl+d) will be provided to indicate that the user has finished inputing.

Explanation for solution:
  I used the mutex to achieve mutual exclusion between threads. I used the pthread_cond_t condition to realize functions such as producer waiting queue
  to have space and consumer waiting works to be available in the queue. When the producer put a work in the queue, it will send a condition signal to a consumer
  that is waiting for work. When a consumer finish a work, it will send a signal to the producer letting it know that there's space in the queue. When the queue
  reaches its maximum capacity (2 x nthreads), the producer will wait until there is space available.
  For consumer, after finishing each job, it will check if the producer has finished adding all jobs and if there are still jobs in the queue to determin wiether it should exit. 
  For producer, after adding all jobs, it will continuously send the hasWork condition to consumers untill all consumers has exited. 
A log file is created before all threads starts. I also used a mutex to ensure mutual exclusion in editing the file. 

Execute instruction:
  To compile: Use "make" to compile with the optimize option -O. 
              To compile normally, remove -O from the end of line 2 of Makefile (to the variable CFLAGS) and then use make to compile
  To run: use ./prodcon <int nthreads> <int id>